instructions added and updated for 17 changes (#6)
LaunchCodeEducation/java-web-dev-curriculum: content/assignments/techjobs-oo/task7/index.md

---
title: "Task 7: Final Steps"
date: 2023-06-05T10:20:54-05:00
draft: false
weight: 7
originalAuthor: Courtney Frey # to be set by page creator
originalAuthorGitHub: speudusa # to be set by page creator
reviewer: Kimberly Horan # to be set by the page reviewer
reviewerGitHub: codinglikeagirl42 # to be set by the page reviewer
lastEditor: # update any time edits are made after review
lastEditorGitHub: # update any time edits are made after review
lastMod: # UPDATE ANY TIME CHANGES ARE MADE
---

## Run the Tests
At this point, all autograding tests should be passing. To be sure, right-click on the `org.launchcode.techjobs.oo` package in `src/test/java` and select _Run tests in…_ 

### If ANY fail:
Evaluate the failure/error message and go back to fix your code.

### If ALL pass:
Excellent work! You successfully shifted the old console app into a more useful object oriented configuration.

Now that the new structure is ready, another team member can refactor the import and display methods to use the new classes. Once these are ready, our team will refine the search features and move the app online to provide a better user interface.

## How to Submit

> To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [submission instructions](http://localhost:52748/assignments/hello-world/#submitting-your-work-on-canvas) from Assignment 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn in your assignment and get credit, follow the [submission instructions]({{< relref "../../hello-world/#submitting-your-work-on-canvas" >}}) from Assignment 0.
```
